# wanna

what is wanna wanna is a decentralized community platform built on blockchain (RChain) as the underlying technology, starting with the function of mutual assistance. The initial slogan of wanna is: dont panic, the whole world would help you. if a person has a need on anything (except sex, weapon, criminal), they can ask for help from the global community on wanna. 

Building a community from mutual assistance is the first step of wanna. If wanna can form the snowball effect of users and community, then it will extend at least in three directions: 1, social platform, to the field of reddit and facebook (because of the privacy of blockchain and DAO model, wanna at least will not gradually become evil like facebook); 2, cloud disk, the cloud disk that users really have total control; 3, NFT platform. mutual assistance and social platform all need to do something aboutfile generation and transmission, will naturally generate demand for the cloud disk function. As for NFT, it is a business that will naturally happen. The extension of the three directions is the second step of wanna. In this process, the wanna community gradually becomes stronger, and gradually realizes the decentralized self-operation of the community platform, so that the user group can build rich feelings for the platform, then the third step can be realized: wanna becomes the identity building and output center of users in the metaverse. 

[description](https://www.notion.so/About-Wanna-en-a913006ab6b94dfc90e95ef91da9b7fb)
